>> Kyle Simpson: So let's talk about
this final exercise on classes.
Remember, we were turning this
name space object into a class.
Most of the mechanisms inside of these
methods are gonna be exactly the same,
which is the good news.
You didn't have to change a lot
of the code inside of it, but
we're essentially changing
the organization around it.
So rather than having an object
that holds these things,
we're gonna have a class, and
we're gonna call that class Workshop.
And instead of having properties on it,
we're gonna have to have
a constructor that sets those up.
So we'll make a constructor that says
this.currentEnrollment equals
the empty array and
this.studentRecords equals
the empty array.
Now all the rest of these are just methods
now inside of our class definition so
we can remove those commas.
>> Kyle Simpson: All right, so all of
those should stand without any changes
because they are all properly handling
this context of our instance.
But there was one little thing
with the Readme mention,
which was to pull out the functions
that are not this aware, and
there are two of them,
the sortByName and the printRecord.
These two are not,
>> Kyle Simpson: This aware,
and they're not really related
to the Workshop specifically.
And so we're gonna put them
in a Helpers parent class.
That Helpers parent class
doesn't need a constructor.
But now that we're defining a parent
class, it does mean a little nuance, which
is that we're gonna have to make sure to
call super from our child constructor.
If you don't define a child constructor,
it automatically does.
But if you make a child constructor,
you have to call super
to invoke the parent constructor,
and you have to do it first.
So that there is a this object
that has been constructed for you.
Okay, so now we need to add
the extends clause, extends Helpers.
And then the only other
change that we should have
to make is that we need
to instantiate the deepJS
object by calling deepJS
equals new Workshop.
And if I didn't miss something,
hopefully this code should now work.
Let's switch over to this environments and
let's run this code and see what we got.
And there's our output.
>> Kyle Simpson: So there's our
class-based definition rather than using
a name space.
It's our class-based definition for
our Workshop management.
Questions about using the class
syntax to organize this code?
>> Speaker 2: Did you use new when
you created deepJS from Workshop?
>> Kyle Simpson: Yep, and we have to use
new when we're dealing with a constructor.
For example,
when define Workshop was a module factory,
that's just a regular function so
we just called it.
But since this is a class constructor,
we actually need to invoke it with a new
keyword like you would a normal class.